Create new content in About (#6376)
mattermost/docs: source/about/devops-collaboration.rst

> :nosearch:

Reviewer: We want this page searchable now, correct?

DevOps teams can experience the following collaboration pains: 

- Members from different departments and timezones have different priorities, skills, and vocabularies, which can lead to misunderstandings, miscommunications, and delays in decision-making.
- Limited visibility into each other's work can lead to duplication of effort, conflicts, and missed opportunities for optimization.
- Resistance from stakeholders who are reluctant to adopt new technologies or processes can slow down innovation, increase costs, and create tension within the team.
- Difficulty ensuring that software is developed, deployed, and managed securely to protect against data breaches and cyber-attacks. This involves coordinating efforts between developers, operations, and security teams to identify and mitigate security risks.

There are several different processes that DevOps teams need to effectively collaborate in order to deliver software reliably. Each requires a different set of procedures and tools, but they all share the common goal of shipping high-quality software to meet customer needs and expectations. Mattermost can help solve collaboration pains in many DevOps use cases. 

> - Learn how `Agile Software Development <https://academy.mattermost.com/courses/enrolled/2075064>`_ can help Technical teams work together to develop software or applications. Collaboration can include sharing code, working together on a common platform, and identifying and resolving technical issues.

Reviewer: I suspect we need to update this URL to point to the course itself, rather than the enrolled page. We'll likely need to publish the new content on Academy first.

> - Learn how `Agile Software Development <https://academy.mattermost.com/courses/enrolled/2075064>`_ can help Technical teams work together to develop software or applications. Collaboration can include sharing code, working together on a common platform, and identifying and resolving technical issues.

Author: ```suggestion
- Learn how `Agile Software Development <https://academy.mattermost.com/courses/enrolled/2075064>`_ can help Technical teams work together to develop software or applications. Collaboration can include sharing code, working together on a common platform, and identifying and resolving technical issues.
```

> - Learn how `Agile Software Development <https://academy.mattermost.com/courses/enrolled/2075064>`_ can help Technical teams work together to develop software or applications. Collaboration can include sharing code, working together on a common platform, and identifying and resolving technical issues.

Author: ```suggestion
- Learn how `Agile Software Development <https://academy.mattermost.com/p/devops-in-mattermost>`_ can help Technical teams work together to develop software or applications. Collaboration can include sharing code, working together on a common platform, and identifying and resolving technical issues.
```
